SAM header and sequence mapping (#47)
sanger-tol/insdcdownload: docs/output.md

```text
assembly
├── ACCESSION
├── GCA_927399515.1.assembly_report.txt
├── GCA_927399515.1.assembly_stats.txt
├── GCA_927399515.1.fa.gz
├── GCA_927399515.1.fa.gz.fai
├── GCA_927399515.1.fa.gz.gzi
├── GCA_927399515.1.fa.gz.sizes
├── GCA_927399515.1.header.sam
├── GCA_927399515.1.name_mapping.tsv
└── SOURCE
```

All files are named after the assembly accession, e.g. `GCA_927399515.1`.

- `GCA_*.assembly_report.txt` and `GCA_*.assembly_stats.txt`: report and statistics files, straight from the NCBI FTP
- `GCA_*.fa.gz`: Unmasked assembly in Fasta format, compressed with `bgzip` (whose index is `GCA_*.fa.gz.gzi`)
- `GCA_*.fa.gz.fai`: `samtools faidx` index, which allows accessing any region of the assembly in constant time
- `GCA_*.fa.gz.sizes`: Tabular file with the size of all sequences in the assembly. Typically used to build "big" files (bigBed, etc).

> - `GCA_*.header.sam`: SAM header file with `@SQ` entries for all sequences, with `SN` (sequence accession), `LN` (length), and `M5` (checksum), tags straight from samtools, and `AS` (assembly accession), `AN` (sequence name), `SP` (species name)

Author: ```suggestion
- `GCA_*.header.sam`: SAM header file with `@SQ` entries for all sequences. Each `@SQ` line includes `SN` (sequence accession), `LN` (length), and `M5` (checksum) tags from samtools. The pipeline adds `AS` (assembly accession), `SP` (species name), and `AN` (sequence name and possibly the chromosome name too separated by a comma). No `UR` tag is included.
```
